That was the original picture.
That's our style image and stylized image.
Now you can see that you can kinda
recognize the bridge right here.
There's downtown right but
all of those details are actually
grabbed from the style image.
So now we kinda can create something,
right?
And for me that is the representation
of artificial intelligence.
And with AI now we can even synthesize
ways in a video, video can be now
created worth deep fakes, for instance,
[LAUGH] A pretty well known example.
So, AI is, for
me at least all those kind of neat tricks
which can help you to get
closer to kinda creativity but
still, it's somewhat scripted, right?
AI cannot completely create
something from scratch,
you still can have to use those
building blocks to degrade something.
Yes Micheal the next question.
>> Yes.
So I get how you get the original
image from the first layer because
it's just the data that came in.
>> Yeah.
>> But then we're in that
[COUGH] Process of recreating
the image do you get the style applied?
I mean the style came
from training the model.
>> All right let me switch to our diagrams
and probably even start from scratch.
So process,
let's just draw it like this, right?
Our sunglasses.
So originally, let's take, let's say
we took the style picture, right?
And if you just take style picture so all
right, now I think I know where
the question is coming from.
The original model was trained
on a lot of different pictures.
So we used image net with those 1.4
million pictures and simply trained to
recognize so we have nought zero Neuron
but actually thousands of them, neurons.
But it's still on the input we
have pretty large pictures for
instance, I know 256 by 256 pixels, right?
And it is reducing to
thousands Pixels here and
then deconvoluted back
to the original size.
But when we train our model to do that,
it will recognize
all those different objects right, so
particularly neurons will be activated.
But it will also learn this part
right here with all the neurons,
all the weight, how to recreate
their original image, right?
So you can think about
this model that it's not
only learning how to based on the image,
assign a particular label to it,
but it also trying to figure out
how to given a particular label
recreate this object, redraw it.
So that's what, for instance,
that topology called,
U-nex that's what it can do.
And what we doing next with this
stylizing, right, so when we kinda have
our model trained, we're doing forward
propagation on the strange model.
So it will just somehow analyze the image,
right and kinda some of
the neurons will be activated.
And maybe we will even got
some prediction here and
it might gonna recreate
this image back again, but
we don't care about this
part of the model at all.
We only care about the first few layers
which grabbed the style of drawing.
And why that exactly happening
I will explain when we
will talk about convolution
narrow networks.
But trust me on the first layers
we are looking at kind of tiny
details of particular colors, right?
Have we diagonal lines there are vertical
lines or something like that.
So we only care about this information,
but when we do the photo, we
actually do the full
convolution deconvolution.
So if we provided the image
of the downtown at the ance,
without any modification, we will
reproduce the downtown image back again.
But we can grab this layer,
actually this layer,
they are connected to each other.
So when I'm saying this layer was
important because it layers it build
a fact the weights in this layer.
So we can just grab this part and
substitute it into our photo.
And that what will help
our model instead of
recreating the original image recreates
the stylized image of the downtown,
it's kinda conceptually what
the neural network is doing.
But it's pretty cool you
can actually play with it.
I've included the source codes and
all that is executable there,
a couple of available other original
images and stylized images.
So, different monologue and
Picasso paintings.
So, you can play around with those,
for instance.
The only recommendation is trying to avoid
original photos with
a lot of tiny details.
Because this kind of information,
the more details you have,
those details will be ignored.
So the most important parts,
right, so kinda the big objects,
what we see on the image, that will
be propagated to the final result.
But I think it's pretty interesting,
right?
And it's all about the information if
you think about it like we started
with the multi dimensional photo.
What is photo?
It's like a huge amount of information.
But we kinda reducing it to something and
yeah that's what
machine learning is doing, is basically
doing something within the transformation,
within the data, all right?
And it's only doing is by figuring
out what should be the weights and
biases and
connections between the neurons.
Yeah, that's another thing.
Right now I mostly talking
about it's really simple.
The original kind of topology,
fully connected neural networks when
all the neurons connected from
the previous layer to the next layer.
But there are multiple modifications.
For instance,
Google come up with their architecture
where they don't even have the symmetry.
They have kinda ad hoc branches which
can do predictions by themselves, right?
And that was actually the winner
of the latest, not the latest but
a couple years ago ImageNet competition.